docs: haw-v2-l1-to-l2-messaging-update (#2056)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/10-l1-to-l2-messaging.mdx

No matter the complexity of a particular token's bridging needs, a gateway can, in principle, be created to accommodate it within our canonical bridging system.

You can find an example of the implementation of a custom gateway on the page [How to bridge tokens via a custom gateway](/build-decentralized-apps/token-bridging/bridge-tokens-programmatically/04-how-to-bridge-tokens-custom-gateway.mdx).

### Demos

Our [How to bridge tokens](/build-decentralized-apps/token-bridging/bridge-tokens-programmatically/01-get-started.mdx) section provides examples of interacting with Arbitrum's token bridge via the [Arbitrum SDK](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/arbitrum-sdk).

### "I've got a bridge to sell you," a word of caution

> Cross-chain bridging is an exciting design space; alternative bridge designs can potentially offer faster withdrawals, interoperability with other chains, different trust assumptions with their own potentially valuable UX tradeoffs, etc. They can also potentially be completely insecure and/or outright scams. Users should treat other non-canonical bridge applications the same way they treat any application running on Arbitrum, exercise caution, and do their due diligence before entrusting them with their value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-chain bridging is an exciting design space. Alternative bridge designs can potentially offer faster withdrawals, interoperability with other chains, different trust assumptions with potentially valuable UX tradeoffs, and more. However, they can also potentially be completely insecure and/or outright scams. Users should treat other non-canonical bridge applications the same way they treat any application running on Arbitrum, exercise caution, and do their due diligence before entrusting them with their value.
```
